Find out who you are: This means, what kind of movies you like, what is your taste in movies like. For example, I cant get you to rate a movie like Hugo, if you buy the first ticket you can get for Transformers. They are completely different genres. Once the user registers, you give him a persona. Like the actioner, or the foreign film lover, or sci-fi geek. Something to that affect. What that means is that you then limit the movies that he can review or rate(or recommend,either way), connect him to people of similar personas and generally make life simple for him. This is to ensure that the user does not have to read a review on a movie like A Clockwork Orange written buy a 15 year old who's favorite movie is The Twilight, and vice versa.I believe Criticker does something similar, check it out. 

Recommendations: This always happens to me, I have 2 DVDs and I'm trying to figure out what to watch. For this I have to go to IMDB,RT blah blah and read all the reviews. By the time I'm done, I dont want to watch the movies anymore. My husband wrote a small app to solve this problem called compovie. Its not active any more but basically what it does is, I enter the names of these movies and it spits out the IMDB,RT ratings etc. What it doesn't do however is, take into consideration my mood, fav actor etc. It would be cool if a tool could be created keeping all those parameters in mind, along with the critics rating. 

Q&A: Do you use Quora? If not,try it. Its totally addictive. You can ask questions, give answers,vote etc, and the entire thing works on a credit system. What is awesome though is that sometimes you ask a question about a famous person, and that same person replies to the answer! I think its something awesome to have on a movie social network. 

Everything in one place: When there is an upcoming movie, i have to go to yahoo movies to watch the trailer, once it release, I have to go to various critics and review sites. Its a pain, and so many times I loose out on some great movies because nothing is in one place. IMDB is there, but its very generic. It would be awesome if once the trailer of a movie is released, I receive an email about it. Once a critic I follow writes a review or tweets about a movie, I have it in my email. I know google reader and RSS feeds could probably take care of it, but its an additional step. 

Pinterest for movies: Have you used Pinterest? I LOVE it! think of something like pinterest for movies! 
Games: I love movie quizzes. Simply because I love movie trivia and love to learn new things about movies in general. Also these days I dont think any social network is complete without games. 

Jasdeep
in ur circle u can have a completely different list of top 10 movies in say "action" category than other person's circle
12:00 PM 
u also need to come up with one rating lets say which should be based on popular rating...which can help any person who is looking for lets say top 10 movies in romance or action or black comedy category
  
u know best of all time likes
12:01 PM 
that person might not be in ur circle/social network though

Genres
horror
thriller
comedy
action
sci fi
noir
war
crime/gangster
the unclassifyables
historical
western
adventure
sports
documentaries
fantasy
